all right teamwork doing wrong nothing's
impossible sir we're very close we've
gotten close are you ready to fish I
have faith in your impossible it's not
though nothing's impossible nothing is
impossible Eric 2016 oh look I always
still have one more though that really
just happened no that's wrong okay I was
like that one is almost into the wall
I'll figure it out I've been trying to
get this thing up for so long look what
i just did
my TV is hung on this fancy Swizzle
contraption look at that oh my gosh
hopefully this will stay in the wall who
knows because I put it up so whoo this
is my first time ever my dear experience
how's it feel
I prefer the bus over the subway
and I've just been I've like tear
I've never knew how to do it so thank
you so easy though I mean now but when
you have someone to tell you like when
you have someone to tell you how to use
it
and now I have the confidence that I
Eric's doing in New York City apartment
tour fairy students we're going to get
some shots up on the roof but oh my
goodness the Sun and the New York City
vibes whoa it's good just look at this
take it all in
breaking out the big camera today the
only times i use my a7s are a seminar
for creative spaces TV episodes so it's
nice to like actually I'm going to start
using this camera
[Music]
I see them
hey nice a dragon ball z shirt and boots
friend
my brother need nobody well we don't
know you like it Jeanne hello father
where are you where are you I I am here
in the great side we are getting costa
vida do we need to bring it home or what
shall we do how I missed the open
highways of Grapevine Texas I've been in
texas for five minutes and we're just
stuck in traffic there are accidents
everywhere I just tried to cop that ox
for my brother ah and then that happened
just iphone 7 happened oldest and then
exit that one JAY my Russian so hungry
I'm so hungry I'm so hungry food Mexican
food ah look it's my baby girl hi Sophie
Sophie do you remember who I am hi sugar
New York this is what I call k so it'll
not melted cheese okay so I just inhaled
fuzzies tacos I'll get costa vida later
on the week but check this out my father
Daniel is the cool kid on the block and
has a pop saket a lot of you guys are
always asking what is on the back of my
phone this is called a pop socket it's
basically a grip and then it also is a
stand it's very handy up with amazon
link down below i'm home there's a
Christmas tree things are starting to
feel Christmassy let's see oh look
there's me as a kid this is our other
kitty penny hi penny do something a full
pantry
this is insane forgot what groceries
look like um turn on to say my ball is
gonna be like who your man at my long
day of travel but it felt so good to get
some fuzzies tacos in my belly all I'm
going to do here is basically just eat
that's why I came back to Texas to eat
Mexican food and to eat water burger but
it just feels so good to be back in
Texas so I'm here for about two weeks
going back to New York City for New
Year's I am stoked for that and a lot of
cool stuff coming up it will definitely
be fun to show show the peachy fam my
texts life because I've been very New
York lately see you Monday have a
fantastic weekend until next time stay
PG okay Mike you have where you are and
you have the end goal only thing in
between is the work you know who is this
Sarah only p.o.box alright so we'll take
this Sarah only ace for your videos
especially the one where you interviewed
an artist you talked about oops